Improve yamllint messages and documentation (#2148)
ansible/ansible-lint: src/ansiblelint/rules/yaml.md

## yaml

Our linter also includes violations reported by [yamllint](https://github.com/adrienverge/yamllint)

> but it does use a slight different default configuration. If present yamllint
> own configuration will be loaded and used instead of our own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but it uses a slightly different default configuration. We will still load
custom yamllint configuration files, but the defaults come from
ansible-lint, not from yamllint.
```

You can fully disable all of yamllint violations adding `yaml` to the `skip_list`.

Specific tag identifiers that are printed at the end of rule name,
like `yaml[trailing-spaces]` or `yaml[indentation]` can also be be skipped, allowing

> you to have a more fine control.

Author: @cognifloyd No need to worry about that, we will document that the rewriter cannot do partial work.
